# Documentation
ChatEval is a Django application written in Python that uses a *MySQL* database. 

## Structure
Major project settings can be located in `/chateval/settings.py` and core URLs are defined using Regular Expressions in `/chateval/urls.py`. SQL table definitions in the Django ORM can be found in `/orm/models.py` (autogenerated by legacy SQL migration). Views and their associated logic are located in `/APP_NAME/views.py`.

ChatEval folows standard Django practice of organizing functionality into smaller "apps" that contain views. The three apps and their respective functionalities are:

1. `core` - handles splash page, conversations page etc. (only performs queries)
2. `eval` - handles uploading model responses and handles evaluation (automatic and human)
3. `orm` - handles all database interfacing (handles all Django migrations)
4. `accounts` - handles account sign up and login  

In each application, `views.py` handles retreiving information, rendering templates, and collecting user input. Each app's `scripts.py` or `/scripts` folder contains the necessary helper functions for the app. Templates (HTML) and urls are availabe in `/chateval/templates` and `/chateval/urls.py` respectively.

## Authentication
User objects are created through Django's `auth` packages and are used as the primary key for the Author objects. Account creation is available at the routes `/accounts/signup` and `/accounts/login`. Logout is available at `/accounts/logout` (as well as from the navbar). Certain views, such as model uploading, are only available when the user is logged in and authenticated. Yes, passwords are hashed before being saved in the database.